URL: https://www.kwsp.gov.my/en/member/healthcare/i-lindung
TITLE: i-Lindung: Purchase Insurance/Takaful
CATEGORY: epf
DOCUMENT_ID: f83f93f4-e038-5852-a73d-8ccb575847bc
==================================================

--- CHUNK 0 ---
i-Lindung
Protection For You And Your Loved Ones
i-Lindung is a self-service platform within the i-Akaun (Member) that simplifies the process of purchasing protection products under the Members Protection Plan (MPP). Through the MPP, members can buy insurance/ takaful products from Insurance & Takaful Operators (ITOs) approved by EPF for themselves and their family members. The applications to purchase insurance/takaful products for family members can be made through the KWSP i-Akaun app only.
Who Can Apply
Malaysian
(EPF member and dependents)
Have a balance in EPF Account
(Akaun Sejahtera/ Akaun 55/ Akaun Emas)
i-Akaun (Member) users & use the KWSP i-Akaun app only to make purchases*
*To download the KWSP i-Akaun app, please click here. (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
Who Is Eligible To Be Covered
EPF Member
(Self as Primary Protected Person)
Spouse (Dependent)
Children (Dependent)

--- CHUNK 1 ---
EPF Member
(Self as Primary Protected Person)
Spouse (Dependent)
Children (Dependent)
The definition of children includes biological children, stepchildren, and legitimately adopted children.
Types Of Protection Offered
Life protection
Critical illness protection
Key Features Of i-Lindung
Seamless Journey
The simplest way to purchase protection products with no medical check-up required
Quick Quotation
Get a quotation online for all products offered
Information Centre
Able to access and analyse valuable information on the products offered before deciding to purchase
Single View
Able to view all details of the policies or certificates purchased
Anytime, Anywhere
Flexibility to purchase protection product at anytime, anywhere
Start Protecting Yourself And Your Loved Ones
Download KWSP i-Akaun app (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
General
Product
Policy
Other Services
General
i-Lindung Accordion (General)
What is EPF Members Protection Plan (MPP)?

--- CHUNK 2 ---
Other Services
General
i-Lindung Accordion (General)
What is EPF Members Protection Plan (MPP)?
Members Protection Plan (MPP) is an initiative to allow members to withdraw funds from their Akaun Sejahtera/Akaun 55/Akaun Emas to purchase insurance and to participate in takaful products from EPF approved insurance companies and takaful operators.
Why was this initiative introduced?
This initiative was introduced to provide social protection and financial security to EPF members who meet the eligibility criteria, in case of any unfortunate events.
What is i-Lindung?
i-Lindung is a self-service platform on i-Akaun (Member) which aims to facilitate the purchase of insurance and takaful products under the EPF MPP.
What does ITO stand for?
ITO is an Insurer/Takaful Operator. It is an insurance company or a takaful operator approved by EPF to offer products customised for EPF members at affordable premiums/contributions.
What are the main features of i-Lindung?

--- CHUNK 3 ---
What are the main features of i-Lindung?
The simplest way to purchase protection products with no medical check-ups required.
Get quotation online for all products offered.
Able to access and analyse useful information on all products offered before deciding to purchase.
Single view
Flexibility to purchase protection products anytime, anywhere.
Who is eligible to apply?
Malaysian (member and dependent)
Have a savings balance in an EPF account
i-Akaun (Member) users
If I'm a non-Malaysian who is a Permanent Resident here in Malaysia, can I still purchase products under MPP?
No. Products under MPP are only eligible for Malaysian.
Who is eligible to be covered under the MPP?
EPF Member (Myself / Primary Protected Person)
Note: The definition of children includes biological children, stepchildren, and legitimately adopted children.
What coverage options available under the MPP?
There four (4) coverage options available under the MPP as following:
EPF members (Self) only

--- CHUNK 4 ---
There four (4) coverage options available under the MPP as following:
EPF members (Self) only
EPF members (Primary Covered Person) and Spouses (Dependents); or
EPF members (Primary Covered Person), Spouses (Dependents) and Children (Dependents); or
EPF members (Primary Covered Person) and Children (Dependents)
Can I purchase insurance and/or takaful products for my dependents, without coverage for myself?
No. The purchase of insurance and takaful products for the protection of dependents under the MPP must be made with the  Primary Covered Person, which is the EPF member themselves.
Can I purchase multiple insurance and/or takaful products with different types of coverage options?
Yes. You may purchase multiple products subject to the maximum coverage amount for the product offered by ITO and your balance in EPF Account. You may purchase for:
Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person) AND my spouse (as the Dependent); or

--- CHUNK 5 ---
Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person) AND my spouse (as the Dependent); or
Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person) AND my child/children (as the Dependent(s)); or
Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person), my spouse AND my child/children (as the Dependents).
I have more than one child. Can I buy insurance and takaful products for my children separately?
Yes. Subject to the maximum coverage amount for the product offered by ITO and the EPF Account balance (whichever is the lowest).
What is the age limit for participation and the amount covered?
The participation age limit and the amount covered are subject to the products offered by the ITO.
What is the maximum number of wives (spouse) that can be covered under MPP?
You may purchase coverage for each wife per policy subject to your balance in EPF Account.
What is the maximum number of children covered under the MPP?

--- CHUNK 6 ---
What is the maximum number of children covered under the MPP?
The maximum number of children covered under the MPP is ten (10) people per policy/ certificate. If you have children over 10, you need to make purchase of two separate policies/ certificates.
I am over 55 years old, am I eligible for products under the MPP?
Yes, you are eligible to purchase products under the MPP as long as you have a minimum of RM100 in Account 55 and / or Akaun Emas. In addition, your eligibility is also based on the participation age limit for products offered by ITO.
Note:
For EPF members who have yet to reach the age of 55 years, payment for MPP is via withdrawal, based on the total annual premium/contribution (for the duration of one (1) year) of their selected product, and subject to the EPF member's available balance in their Akaun Sejahtera.
For EPF members aged between 55 and 59 years, payment for MPP is via withdrawal from their Account 55; and

--- CHUNK 7 ---
For EPF members who are aged 60 years and above, payment for MPP is via withdrawal from their Account 55/Akaun Emas.
Can members apply for MPP at any EPF office?
Applications for MPP can only be made online via
KWSP i-Akaun (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
and
i-Akaun (Member) web portal (https://iakaun.kwsp.gov.my/portal/member/login)
. Nevertheless, if you are present at the EPF office, the EPF staff will assist you in applying using your electronic device or through the EPF e-Service Centre.
How can members access i-Lindung to purchase MPP products?
Members can only purchase insurance/takaful products for family members through the
KWSP i-Akaun app (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
. Please ensure that you have downloaded the app and that it is updated to the latest version.
Can I purchase products under MPP through insurance/takaful agents?
No. You can purchase the products under MPP through i-Lindung platform in i-Akaun (Member).

--- CHUNK 8 ---
No. You can purchase the products under MPP through i-Lindung platform in i-Akaun (Member).
Can I purchase insurance products if I am a Simpanan Shariah account holder?
There is no restriction to purchase if you are a Shariah account holder. However, muslim members are strongly advised to participate in takaful products as the Fatwa Committee of the National Council of Islamic Religious Affairs Malaysia has resolved that conventional insurance is a non Shariah-compliant transaction (haram).
Can disabled members (OKU) apply fo MPP product?
Members with disability or their representatives can contact or liaise with the ITOs to obtain products that suit their respective needs.
Why should a Muslim opt for takaful over insurance products?
It is important for a Muslim to participate in takaful products as insurance products are not Shariah-compliant, and the Fatwa Committee of the National Council of Islamic Religious Affairs Malaysia has resolved that:

--- CHUNK 9 ---
Conventional insurance is a non Shariah compliant transaction (muamalah) that contains elements that are contrary with Shariah principles i.e. uncertainty (gharar), gambling (maysir) and usury (riba).
Compensation (sum assured) from insurance (excluding the amount of premium paid) is a Shariah non-compliant asset that cannot be utilised or inherited.
The compensation shall be disposed of by channeling to Baitulmal of relevant states Islamic Religious Council or donated to charity including the poor and needy (the heirs of the policyholder who are among the poor and needy as verified by the authorities or local committee may utilise the compensation for their necessity).
What is the procedure to purchase MPP products if I am unable to open a bank account due to bankruptcy, as the bank account number needs to be entered on the relevant ITO portal?
You are advised to contact the ITO that offers MPP products regarding the need to enter the account number as well as claim matters.
Product

--- CHUNK 10 ---
Product
i-Lindung Accordion (Product)
What are the types of protection offered under MPP?
The protection offered under MPP consists of life protection and critical illness.
What are the offerings under Life Protection?
Life Protection offers financial assistance to members or their loved ones in the event of unforeseen circumstances such as Death or Total & Permanent Disability (TPD). Additional information are available in the KWSP i-Akaun of the Member Protection Plan card section.
What does Critical Illness Protection offer?
Critical Illness Protection offers financial assistance to members or their loves ones in the event of unforeseen circumtances such as is diagnosed with any major or critical illnessesheart attack, stroke and cancer. It also serves as an income replacement in case if you are unable to work. Additional information are available in the KWSP i-Akaun of the Member Protection Plan card section.
What is the product term coverage offered under MPP?

--- CHUNK 11 ---
What is the product term coverage offered under MPP?
MPP offers products with short-term (1 year) and long-term (over 1 year) coverage periods where policyholders make premium/contribution payments only once a year.
If I don't have sufficient balance in Akaun Sejahtera/Akaun Emas, what is the procedure to renew my policy/certificate under MPP?
You can increase your Akaun Sejahtera/Akaun Emas savings by making a Voluntary Contribution to ensure that the savings are sufficient to renew the policy / certificate under the MPP.
EPF members aged 55 and above can renew their policy/certificate by paying in cash or using a debit/credit card and dealing directly with the SIT that offers the product.
Note:
Members are advised to add savings within 21 / 51 days (calendar days) to allow contributions to be credited before the policy / certificate expires.

--- CHUNK 12 ---
If the balance is insufficient, a Grace Period will be given to the Member for payment and the policy will expire after the end of the Grace Period. The Grace Period is subject to ITO.
The system will make payment attempts throughout the Grace Period and the insufficient balance indicator will be sent to SIT. The SIT will send a notification to members to add savings to the EPF Account through Voluntary Contribution.
Can I make premium/contribution payments after the policy/certificate lapse?
No, you cannot make a premium/contribution payment after the policy/certificate lapse.
Is there any cash value/savings element for the products offered under MPP?
No, the products offered are pure protection products.
What does Basic Protection mean?
Basic Protection is a product that does not provide any savings and does not involve cash value. If the policy/certificate has lapsed and you have not made any claim, you will not receive compensation/cash.

--- CHUNK 13 ---
Will I receive any benefits (payments) if no claims were made during the term of my policy/certificate?
Products offered under the MPP do not have mature benefits. Therefore, no benefit (payment) will be received by the member if NO claims  were made during the policy/certificate period.
For example, for Critical Illness or Life Protection cover, if during the policy period the insured member is confirmed to have a critical illness or dies, SIT will pay the sum insured to the member / nominee as stated in the policy document subject to the terms and conditions set by ITO.
However, if the insured member does not suffer from any critical illness or dies during the period the policy is still active / in force, this means the SIT will not process any claims or payments to the insured person (member and dependent) or their nominee.
How is the premium/contribution determined for the products under MPP?

--- CHUNK 14 ---
How is the premium/contribution determined for the products under MPP?
Premium/contribution varies depending on the ITO and the products selected. The factors that will determine the price comprises of your age (age next birthday/ age last birthday depending on ITO), gender, smoker status (if any) & coverage amount selected at the time of application.
What is waiting period? Is there any waiting period for the products offered under MPP?
A waiting period refers to the period of time which must pass before some or all of your coverage can begin. ITO will not pay the benefit during the waiting period.
For products under MPP waiting period is only applicable to critical illness protection. You are advised to read the product disclosure sheet prior to subscribing to any products, as the waiting period varies for every product.
Can I purchase more than one product offered under MPP?

--- CHUNK 15 ---
Can I purchase more than one product offered under MPP?
Yes. You may purchase multiple products under the same ITO or from a different ITO subject to your balance in EPF Account. If the same ITO and product are selected, you are allowed to purchase up to a maximum coverage amount set by the respective ITO.
How can I find more information about the product features and benefits under MPP?
You may refer to the Product Disclosure Sheet, FAQ & Brochure for the selected product in the Step 3 – View Product Details section under MPP. Alternatively, you may also contact the customer service of the respective ITO to understand the product further.
Note:
PRUDENTIAL BSN TAKAFUL BERHAD (http://customer@prubsn.com.my)
PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE MALAYSIA BERHAD (http://customer.mys@prudential.com.my)
ETIQA FAMILY TAKAFUL BERHAD (http://info@etiqa.com.my)
ETIQA LIFE INSURANCE BERHAD (http://info@etiqa.com.my)
FWD TAKAFUL BERHAD (http://contact.my@fwd.com)

--- CHUNK 16 ---
FWD TAKAFUL BERHAD (http://contact.my@fwd.com)
Do I need to undergo any medical or health assessments prior to purchase products under MPP?
No. You are not required to undergo any medical or health assessment. However, you will be required to answer a few simple health questions (underwriting) provided by ITO, if any.
Do I need to undergo any financial assessments to purchase products under MPP?
You do not need to go through a financial assessments to buy MPP products. However, the ITO will conduct an Anti-Money Laundering Assessment if necessary.
What happens if I wrongly/mistakenly declared the wrong information upon purchasing any product offered by ITO?
ITO may verify the information and declarations provided by you and may terminate your policy/certificate if incorrect information is provided. You are advised to disclose all relevant facts to the best of your knowledge and in good faith.
Are the products offered under MPP eligible for tax relief?

--- CHUNK 17 ---
Are the products offered under MPP eligible for tax relief?
Yes. The premium/contribution that was deducted from your EPF Account is eligible for tax relief as per current Malaysian tax regulation and subject to the Inland Revenue Board’s approval.
Can I continue my premium/contribution for my existing policy/certificate with products that is not under MPP?
No. Withdrawal from EPF Account is only eligible for products under MPP.
Can I use my own money to purchase the products under MPP if there is insufficient balance in my EPF Account?
If you do not have sufficient balance in your EPF Account, you can add savings either through Caruman Sukarela / i-Saraan / i-Topup (formerly known as Voluntary Excess) and the payment to SIT will be deducted from your EPF Account.
Are there benefit exclusions for products under the MPP?
Products offered under MPP have exclusions of benefits subject to products offered by ITO.
Policy
i-Lindung Accordion (Policy)

--- CHUNK 18 ---
Policy
i-Lindung Accordion (Policy)
What are the stages of completing a transaction through MPP?
Step 1
: Log in to the KWSP i-Akaun application (New)
Step 2
: Click 'Withdrawal' and click 'Member Protection Plan'
Step 3
: Click 'Get a quote for insurance & takaful'
Step 4
: Select 'Who would you like to protect?' and key in all information
Step 5
: Select 'Product type' and select 'Product' for purchase
Step 6
: Review the 'Summary'of information and do the 'Declaration & Consent'
Step 7
: Route the application to the SIT website and complete the information on the SIT
Step 8
: Confirmation of the application to enable the payment process to be carried out
Step 9
: Acknowledgement of policy/certificate information from ITO
What is the payment frequency for the premium/contribution of the product purchased?
The payment frequency is for one (1) year and will be automatically renewed every year.
What is the minimum balance required in EPF Akaun Sejahtera to purchase products under MPP?

--- CHUNK 19 ---
What is the minimum balance required in EPF Akaun Sejahtera to purchase products under MPP?
Members must have at least a minimum of a 1-year annual premium/contribution of the product purchase.
When will I receive confirmation of my application?
The confirmation of your application is immediate. You may also refer to the Transaction History section in i-Lindung to check your application status.
Can ITO reject my application?
Yes. In the event you fail the assessment done by the ITO.
When will my policy/certificate coverage start?
Your coverage starts based on the 'Start Date' displayed on your policy/certificate document issued by ITO.  Your policy/certificate documents will be sent via email by ITO to your registered email address. It also be available in the 'My Protection Plan' section in the i-Lindung portal  at 'View e-Certificate' button.
For products with waiting period, am I covered immediately upon successful application?

--- CHUNK 20 ---
For products with waiting period, am I covered immediately upon successful application?
No. Waiting period refers to the period of time which must pass before your coverage can begin from the effective date as stated in your policy / certificate. ITO will not pay the benefit during the waiting period. You are advised to read the product disclosure sheet prior to purchasing any products, as the waiting period varies for every product.
When will the payment be made to ITO?
Upon successful application, payment to ITO will not be immediate and may take a few days. Nevertheless, your policy/certificate status will remain in-force unless the payment is rejected. In the event that the payment is rejected, the policy/certificate purchased will be cancelled by ITO.
You are advised to monitor your application payment status at the Transaction History section in i-Lindung portal to ensure no complications to your policy/certificate status.

--- CHUNK 21 ---
Will my policy/certificate automatically renewed once the coverage ends?
Yes. Your policy/certificate will be renewed automatically after the coverage period ends subject to the balance in your EPF Account.
Can I change the coverage amount for my policy/certificate?
No, you are not allowed to amend the coverage amount once the coverage of your policy/certificate has started. However, if you wish to get additional protection, you may consider purchasing another product offered under MPP.
What will happen if I fail to pay the premium/contribution within the Grace Period?
If you do not pay the premium/contribution during the Grace Period, your policy/certificate will be automatically terminated subject to the SIT offering the product.
Can products under the MPP cover the cost of hospitalization or supply a medical card for outpatient treatment?

--- CHUNK 22 ---
The products offered in the i-Lindung portal are Basic Protection products that do not provide any savings and do not involve cash value. If the policy/certificate has lapsed and you have not made any claim, you will not get any compensation/cash.
Therefore, products that include hospitalization (hospitalisation), medical cards or related investments are not offered under the Member Protection Plan (MPP).
What are the consequences if I incorrectly provide information related to my dependents, such as 'Gender' and 'Date of Birth'?
If you provide incorrect information for your dependents such as 'Gender' and 'Date of Birth' information, it will affect the amount of premium payments/contributions that must be paid to the ITO involved and also the claims made.
What if I change my mind after I get a product under the MPP ?

--- CHUNK 23 ---
What if I change my mind after I get a product under the MPP ?
If you change your mind after obtaining the product under the MPP and have not made a claim, you can cancel your policy/certificate at any time through the relevant SIT. If you cancel your policy/certificate within the first 15 days or 30 days (Cooling off period / Free look period) after the cover starts, SIT will return the premium/contribution paid.
However, should you choose to cancel your policy/certificate after 15 days or 30 days, SIT will refund the unused portion, subject to a calculation determined by SIT.
Please note that after cancellation of the policy/certificate, you no longer have coverage. Therefore, before canceling, it is advisable to consider this matter carefully.
i-Lindung Accordion (Other Service)
Upon cancellation of my policy/certificate, will the refund be credited to my EPF Account?

--- CHUNK 24 ---
Upon cancellation of my policy/certificate, will the refund be credited to my EPF Account?
Yes, the refund will be credited to your EPF Account if the payment is made before you reach the age of 55 years. Otherwise, it will be credited to your bank account if your age exceeds 55 years old, according to the bank account details you provided to the ITO. The refund will also be credited to your bank account if your EPF Account is inactive.
How long will it take for the refund to be reflected in my EPF Account?
It will take seven (7) business days from the day ITO has finalised your policy/certificate cancellation process and informed EPF. The turnaround time on the policy/certificate cancellation process varies between ITO. For further information, you may contact the respective ITO customer service.
Why is it important to make a nomination?

--- CHUNK 25 ---
Why is it important to make a nomination?
Nomination is important to safeguard the interest of your loved ones and to ensure they receive the protection as intended by you without any delay. Without a nomination, the benefits under your policy/certificate will be paid out by ITO to your lawful executor or administrator to distribute the benefits in accordance with the applicable laws of distribution. The process may take some time. It is important that the nominee is aware of the policy /certificate purchased by you.
You can make nominations in the 'My Protection Plan(s)' section at i-Lindung portal after purchasing the MPP products.
How to make a nomination for my policy/certificate purchased?
You may proceed to do the nomination through the respective ITO. For further information, you may contact the customer service of the ITO or refer to your policy/certificate documents.  Alternatively, you may also refer to the 'My Protection Plan(s)' section in i-Lindung portal.

--- CHUNK 26 ---
Can I do Hibah for my policy/certificate purchased?
Hibah, also known as gift (voluntarily) without consideration, is only applicable to nomination under takaful products. By naming your loved ones as beneficiaries under conditional Hibah, the benefits will be paid by the Takaful Operators without having to go through lengthy inheritance procedures or Faraid.
Do I have to nominate the same nominee for my policy/certificate as per my EPF nomination?
No. You may nominate any individual as per terms and conditions  outline by the respective ITO.
How to claim for my policy/certificate purchased?
You and/or dependent or your nominee(s)may make a claim through the respective ITO. For further information, you and/or dependent or your beneficiary may contact the ITO customer service or refer to your policy/certificate documents. Alternatively, refer to the 'My Protection Plan(s)' section in i-Lindung portal.
What if the claim occurred before payment has been made to ITO?

--- CHUNK 27 ---
What if the claim occurred before payment has been made to ITO?
Upon successful payment, you and/or dependent or beneficiary may proceed to make a claim for the benefit with no waiting period through the respective ITO. If the payment is rejected, the policy/certificate purchased will be cancelled by ITO and no claims can be made.
You are advised to monitor your application payment status at the 'Transaction History' section in the i-Lindung portal to ensure no complications to your policy/certificate status.
Will I receive any benefits (payments) if no claims were made during the coverage term?
Products offered under the MPP do not have mature benefits. Therefore, no benefit (payment) will be received by the person covered (members and/or dependent) if no claims were made during the coverage term.

--- CHUNK 28 ---
For example, for Critical Illness or Life  Protection, if during the policy/certificate period the person covered (members and/or dependent) is confirmed to have a critical illness or dies, ITO will pay the sum covered to the person covered (members and/or dependent) or nominee(s) as stated in the policy document subject to the terms and conditions set by ITO.
However, if the insured member and/or dependent does not suffer from any critical illness or dies during the period the policy/certificate is still active/in force, this means the ITO will not process any claims or payments to the insured member and/or dependent or their nominee.
When will I receive the policy document/certificate after purchasing a product under the MPP?

--- CHUNK 29 ---
When will I receive the policy document/certificate after purchasing a product under the MPP?
The policy/certificate document will be generated automatically and can be found in 'My Protection Plan(s)' (e-Policy/e-Certificate). However, the policy/certificate document will be available in the e-Policy/e-Certificate subject to the period set (SLA) by the ITO.
What can I do if I am dissatisfied with the way my claim is being handled?
The
Ombudsman for Financial Services
and
BNM Laman Informasi Nasihat dan Khidmat (BNMLINK)
are set up to offer customer protection and help to resolve any dispute over claims. If you/your nominee(s) are not satisfied with the claim decision made by the respective ITO, you/your nominee(s) may write to the following address:
(formerly known as Financial Mediation Bureau)
Level 14, Main Block,
Menara Takaful Malaysia,
No. 4, Jalan Sultan Sulaiman,
50000 Kuala Lumpur.
Tel: 03-2272 2811
Fax: 03-2272 1577
Website:
www.ofs.org.my (http://www.ofs.org.my)
Director

--- CHUNK 30 ---
Tel: 03-2272 2811
Fax: 03-2272 1577
Website:
www.ofs.org.my (http://www.ofs.org.my)
Director
Jabatan LINK & Pejabat Wilayah
Bank Negara Malaysia,
P.O. Box 10922,
50929 Kuala Lumpur.
Tel: 1-300-88-5465
Fax: 03-2174 1515
E-mail:
bnmtelelink@bnm.gov.my (http://bnmtelelink@bnm.gov.my)
General
MPP General-FAQ
MPP is an initiative to allow members to withdraw funds from their Account 2/ Account 55 / Akaun Emas to purchase insurance and to participate in takaful products from EPF approved insurance companies and takaful operators.
ITO is an Insurer/Takaful Operator. It is an insurance company or a takaful operator approved by EPF to offer products customized for EPF members at affordable premiums/contributions.
a.
b.
c.
d.
Single view
e.
a. Malaysian (member and dependent);
b. Have a savings balance in an EPF account; and
c. i-Account (Member) Users
a. EPF Member (Myself / Primary Protected Person);
b. Spouse (Dependent); and
c. Children (Dependent)
Note:

--- CHUNK 31 ---
b. Spouse (Dependent); and
c. Children (Dependent)
Note:
There a four coverage options available under the MPP as following:
a. EPF members (Self) only;
b. EPF members (Primary Covered Person) and Spouses (Dependents); or
c. EPF members (Primary Covered Person), Spouses (Dependents) and Children (Dependents); or
d. EPF members (Primary Covered Person) and Children (Dependents)
Can I purchase multiple insurance and/or takaful products with different type of coverage options?
Options as follows for example:
1. Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person) AND my spouse (as the Dependent); or
2. Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person) AND my child/children (as the Dependent(s)); or
3. Myself (as the EPF Member and Primary Covered Person), my spouse AND my child/children (as the Dependents).
Yes
. You may purchase multiple product subject to the maximum coverage amount for the product offered by ITO and your balance in EPF Account.
Note:

--- CHUNK 32 ---
Note:
For EPF members who have yet to reach the age of 55 years, payment for MPP is via withdrawal, based on the total annual premium/contribution (for the duration of one (1) year) of their selected product, and subject to the EPF member's available balance in their Account
Can I apply for MPP at any EPF branch?
Applications for MPP can only be made online via KWSP i-Akaun. Nevertheless, if you are present at the EPF Branch, the EPF staff will assist you in applying using your electronic device or through the EPF e-Service centre.
How may I access i-Lindung to buy PPA products?
The only way to purchase insurance/takaful products for family members is through the new KWSP i-Akaun application.
You can download the new KWSP i-Akaun application by clicking
here (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
or please make sure the KWSP i-Akaun application is the latest version.
No. You can purchase the products under MPP through i-Lindung platform in i-Akaun (Members).

--- CHUNK 33 ---
No. You can purchase the products under MPP through i-Lindung platform in i-Akaun (Members).
Why should muslim should opt for takaful over insurance products?
a. Conventional insurance is a non Shariah compliant transaction (muamalah) that contains elements that are contrary with Shariah principles i.e. uncertainty (gharar), gambling (maysir) and usury (riba)
b. Compensation (sum assured) from insurance (excluding the amount of premium paid) is a Shariah non-compliant asset that cannot be utilised or inherited
c. The compensation shall be disposed of by channeling to Baitulmal of relevant states Islamic Religious Council or donated to charity including the poor and needy (the heirs of the policyholder who are among the poor and needy as verified by the authorities or local committee may utilise the compensation for their necessity).

--- CHUNK 34 ---
What is the procedure to purchase PPA products if I am unable to open a bank account due to bankruptcy, as the bank account number needs to be entered on the relevant ITO portal?
You are advised to contact the ITO that offers PPA products regarding the need to enter the account number as well as claim matters.
Product
Product FAQ
If I don't have sufficient balance in Account 2/Akaun Emas, what is the procedure to renew my policy/certificate under MPP?
You can increase your Account 2/Akaun Emas savings by making a Voluntary Contribution to ensure that the savings are sufficient to renew the policy / certificate under the MPP.
Note:
1. PRUDENTIAL BSN TAKAFUL BERHAD : customer@prubsn.com.my
2. PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE MALAYSIA BERHAD : customer.mys@prudential.com.my
3. ETIQA FAMILY TAKAFUL BERHAD : info@etiqa.com.my
4. ETIQA LIFE INSURANCE BERHAD : info@etiqa.com.my
5. FWD TAKAFUL BERHAD : contact.my@fwd.com

--- CHUNK 35 ---
4. ETIQA LIFE INSURANCE BERHAD : info@etiqa.com.my
5. FWD TAKAFUL BERHAD : contact.my@fwd.com
If you do not have sufficient balance in your EPF Account, you can add savings either through Caruman Sukarela / i-Saraan / Voluntary Excess (VE) and the payment to SIT will be deducted from your EPF Account.
Policy
Policy - FAQ
Step 1
Log in to the KWSP i-Akaun application
Step 2
Step 3
Step 4
Step 5
Step 6
Step 7
Step 8
Step 9
Acknowledgement of policy/insurance information from SIT
What is the minimum balance required in EPF Account 2 to purchase products under MPP?
Your coverage starts based on the 'Start Date' displayed on your policy/certificate document issued by SIT.  Your policy/certificate documents will be sent via email by ITO to your registered email address. It also be available in the 'My Protection Plan' section in the i-Lindung portal  at 'View e-Certificate' button.

--- CHUNK 36 ---
If you change your mind after obtaining the product under the PPA and have not made a claim, you can cancel your policy/certificate at any time through the relevant SIT. If you cancel your policy/certificate within the first 15 days or 30 days (Cooling off period / Free look period) after the cover starts, SIT will return the premium/contribution paid.
Other Service
Other Services - FAQ
Nomination is important to safeguard the interest of your loved ones and to ensure they receive the protection as intended by you without any delay. Without a nomination, the benefits under your policy/certificate will be paid out by ITO to your lawful executor or administrator to distribute the benefits in accordance with the applicable laws of distribution. The process may take some time. It is important that the nominee is aware of the policy / certificate purchased by you.
You can make nominations in the 'My Protection Plan(s)' section at i-Lindung portal after purchasing the PPA products.

--- CHUNK 37 ---
6. Do I have to nominate the same nominee for my policy/certificate as per my EPF nomination?ceive if no claim is made throughout the coverage term of my policy/ certificate?
For example, for Critical Illness or Life  Protection, if during the policy/certificate period the person covered (members and/or dependent) is confirmed to have a critical illness or dies, SIT will pay the sum covered to the person covered (members and/or dependent) or nominee(s) as stated in the policy document subject to the terms and conditions set by ITO.
However, if the insured member and/or dependent does not suffer from any critical illness or dies during the period the policy/certificate is still active/in force, this means the SIT will not process any claims or payments to the insured member and/or dependent or their nominee.

--- CHUNK 38 ---
The policy/certificate document will be generated automatically and can be found in 'My Protection Plan(s)' (e-Policy/ e-Certificate). However, the policy/certificate document will be available in the e-Policy/ e-Certificate subject to the period set (SLA) by the SIT.
The Ombudsman for Financial Services and BNM Laman Informasi Nasihat dan Khidmat (BNMLINK) are set up to offer customer protection and help to resolve any dispute over claims. If you/your nominee(s) are not satisfied with the claim decision made by the respective ITO, you/your nominee(s) may write to the following address:
(
formerly known as Financial Mediation Bureau
)
Website: www.ofs.org.my
Director
E-mail: bnmtelelink@bnm.gov.my

