URL: https://www.kwsp.gov.my/en/member/kwsp-i-akaun/secure
TITLE: i-Akaun Secure
CATEGORY: epf
DOCUMENT_ID: 100a1aae-5ecf-5b41-83e8-63dae7ed9fae
==================================================

--- CHUNK 0 ---
i-Akaun Secure
Secure & Fast Authorisations, Anytime, Anywhere
Starting 6 January 2025, i-Akaun Secure will be available for approving Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal transactions through the KWSP i-Akaun app. Approve your EPF transactions quickly and securely with i-Akaun Secure. Simply confirm with a tap on your device — no hassle, just smooth and effortless processing.
Important Update
Starting
6 January 2025
, i-Akaun Secure will be available for
approving Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal transactions
through the
KWSP i-Akaun app
i-Akaun Secure is a security feature in the KWSP i-Akaun app that allows you to authorise EPF transactions with a single tap on your device, eliminating the need for TAC codes via SMS.
Why i‑Akaun Secure?
One-Tap Approval
Quick and secure transaction authorisation with just one tap on the i‑Akaun Secure Authorisation screen
Seamless Experience
Once i‑Akaun Secure is activated, all transactions can be approved easily and quickly
Enhanced Security

--- CHUNK 1 ---
Enhanced Security
Uses advanced encryption to protect your transactions
Transactions On-The-Go
Approve transactions even when abroad, without the need for SMS
User-Friendly
Simple, intuitive process for smooth transaction management — all in one app
Transaction Authorisations Available With i‑Akaun Secure
Now available:
| Registration | Withdrawal |
| --- | --- |
| Nomination Simpanan Shariah i‑Sayang | Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal Housing Withdrawal Education Withdrawal Health Withdrawal Age 50/55/60 Withdrawals More Than RM1 Million+ Withdrawal |
Frequenty Asked Questions (FAQ)
| Nomination Simpanan Shariah i‑Sayang | Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal Housing Withdrawal Education Withdrawal Health Withdrawal Age 50/55/60 Withdrawals More Than RM1 Million Savings Withdrawal |
Steps To Activate i-Akaun Secure
Step 1: Update Your KWSP i-Akaun App To The Latest Version
Log in to KWSP i-Akaun → Open your '
Profile'
→ Select '
App Settings
'
Enable push notifications under the '
' page

--- CHUNK 2 ---
Profile'
→ Select '
App Settings
'
Enable push notifications under the '
' page
From KWSP i-Akaun app settings → Select
'
Notifications'
→ Enable
'Allow Notifications'
Step 2: Enable In-App Notifications
Make sure you have downloaded and updated to the latest version of the KWSP i-Akaun app to access i‑Akaun Secure.
*Note: Appearance may vary for iOS and Android devices.
How To Authorise Transactions With i‑Akaun Secure?
Step 1
Tap '
Approve'
to proceed with the authorisation
Step 2
You will be directed to the confirmation page
Access User Guide (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/documents/d/guest/en-i-akaun-secure-user-guide_v12122025)
Step 1: Set Up Notifications on Your Smartphone
Go to '
Profile'
> '
App Settings'
> Toggle on '
Push Notification'
to enable real-time alerts.
Step 1:
When you receive a notification, select '
Approve via i-Akaun Secure'
Step 2:
Tap '
Approve'
on the approval page to proceed with the authorisation.
Step 3:
Frequenty Asked Questions
i-Akaun Secure - General FAQ

--- CHUNK 3 ---
Step 3:
Frequenty Asked Questions
i-Akaun Secure - General FAQ
1. What is i-Akaun Secure?
i-Akaun Secure is a fast and secure method for authorising online transactions in the KWSP i-Akaun app.
2. Is i-Akaun Secure used for all online transactions with the EPF?
Currently, i-Akaun Secure is only available for selected services within the KWSP i-Akaun app. We will gradually roll out i-Akaun Secure to cover more transactions in future.
3. Am I required to pay any fees for using i-Akaun Secure?
No. You will not be charged any fees for using i-Akaun Secure.
4. How can I access i-Akaun Secure?
i-Akaun Secure is currently accessible only through the
. Access via the i-Akaun (Member) web portal is
not available
at this time.
i-Akaun Secure - Activation FAQ
5. How do I activate i-Akaun Secure on my device (example: mobile phone)?
a) For
existing KWSP i-Akaun app users
, i-Akaun Secure is activated automatically through a silent binding process;
b) For
new users

--- CHUNK 4 ---
, i-Akaun Secure is activated automatically through a silent binding process;
b) For
new users
, the device will be linked during the KWSP i-Akaun app registration process.
6. Is there a cooling-off period, and when does it apply?
Yes. A
12-hour cooling-off period
applies in certain situations to enhance the security of your online transactions.
Note
: You will not be able to perform any transactions via the KWSP i-Akaun app within a 12-hour period to protect your account from potential unauthorised access.
7. What should I do if the device cannot be linked?
For simple troubleshooting, you may follow these steps:
a) Re-attempt the i-Akaun Secure registration process;
b) If the issue persists, uninstall the KWSP i-Akaun app and reinstall;
c) If the problem persists, contact the EPF Contact Management Centre or visit any EPF office.
8. Can I activate i-Akaun Secure on more than one device?
No. You can only link
one device
at a time.
9. What should I do if I change or lose my device?

--- CHUNK 5 ---
No. You can only link
one device
at a time.
9. What should I do if I change or lose my device?
a) If you still have the old device:
Deactivate i-Akaun Secure directly in the KWSP i-Akaun app on your old device;
Then, activate i-Akaun Secure on your new device.
b) If the device is lost or no longer accessible:
Deactivate i-Akaun Secure via the i-Akaun (Member) web portal or by calling the EPF Contact Management Centre;
Once deactivated, you can register and activate i-Akaun Secure on your new device.
Note
: After activating i-Akaun Secure on a new device, a 12-hour cooling-off period will apply before you can use it for transactions.
10. What is the minimum device requirement to use i-Akaun Secure?
To use i-Akaun Secure, your device must meet the following minimum operating system requirement:
iOS version 12.5 and above;
Android version 5.0 and above.
Note
: You are advised to update to the latest version of the KWSP i-Akaun app to avoid any inconvenience when performing transactions.

--- CHUNK 6 ---
i-Akaun Secure - Usage FAQ
11. Which transactions require i-Akaun Secure authorisation?
The following transactions require i-Akaun Secure authorisation:
a) Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal;
b) More than RM1 Million+ Withdrawal;
c) Housing Withdrawal;
d) Health Withdrawal;
e) Education Withdrawal;
f) Age 50 Withdrawal;
g) Age 55 Withdrawal;
h)  Age 60 Withdrawal;
i) i-Sayang Registration;
j) Registration of Simpanan Shariah;
k) Nomination.
12. Can I authorise transactions using i-Akaun Secure while overseas?
Yes. As long as your registered device is connected to the internet and your mobile number registered with EPF remains active for verification purposes.
13. What happens if I do not authorise the transaction in time?
If you do not authorise the transaction within the allocated time of 60 seconds, the screen will display as "Your i-Akaun Secure authorisation has expired. Please perform the transaction again.”

--- CHUNK 7 ---
14. Is there a limit to the number of attempts to authorise a transaction via i-Akaun Secure?
Yes, you are allowed
three (3) attempts
to authorise a transaction via i-Akaun Secure. If the number of attempts has exceeded the limit, you will need to
restart the transaction process from the beginning
15. Can I authorise transaction using another mobile device?
No. Transactions can only be authorised using the device currently linked to your account.
i-Akaun Secure - Security FAQ
16. What should I do if someone tries to access my account or I receive a One-time Password (OTP) that I did not request?
If you suspect that someone is trying to access your account or you receive an OTP that you did not request:
a)
Do not share
the OTP with anyone;
b)
Immediately change
your KWSP i-Akaun app password;
c)
Contact the EPF Contact Management Centre
or visit the nearest EPF office for further assistance.
Note
: OTP is sent via SMS.
17. Can I deactivate i-Akaun Secure temporarily?

--- CHUNK 8 ---
Note
: OTP is sent via SMS.
17. Can I deactivate i-Akaun Secure temporarily?
Yes. You can temporarily deactivate i-Akaun Secure at any time through the KWSP i-Akaun app or i-Akaun (Member) web portal. However, reactivating i-Akaun Secure on your mobile device may trigger a 12-hour cooling off period.
18. Is it possible to use KWSP i-Akaun app without i-Akaun Secure?
Yes, you can still choose to receive SMS TAC as an alternative to authorise transactions via the
i-Akaun (Member) web portal
only. Please ensure your
mobile phone number is updated and active
in the EPF record.
However, you are advised to use i-Akaun Secure to authorise transactions in the KWSP i-Akaun app, as it is equipped with enhanced security features that help protect important and sensitive transactions.
i-Akaun Secure - Support FAQ
19. Who should be contacted if any issues are encountered?
You may contact the EPF Contact Management Centre or visit any nearby EPF office.

--- CHUNK 9 ---
You may contact the EPF Contact Management Centre or visit any nearby EPF office.
20. Where can I obtain more information about i-Akaun Secure?
You can visit the official EPF website or refer to the i-Akaun Secure User Guide
here. (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/documents/d/guest/i-akaun-secure-user-guide)
General
Activation
Functionality
Security
Support
General
1. What is the aim of this initiative?
This initiative aims to expand EPF’s coverage by allowing individuals to become EPF members more easily. It simplifies and accelerates the registration process where applicants are not required to physically visit an EPF Office.
2. Who is this initiative for?
This initiative is for;
a. Those who have yet to register as EPF members.
b. Malaysian citizens or permanent residents owning a MyKad or MyPR.
c. Applicants aged between 14 years and has not yet reached 75 years old.
3. How can I register to be an EPF member through this facility?
Step 1: Download the KWSP i-Akaun app via:

--- CHUNK 10 ---
Step 1: Download the KWSP i-Akaun app via:
a) Apple App Store; or
b) Google Play Store; or
c) Huawei App Gallery
Step 2: Select the option '
Not yet register as member or i-Akaun?
'.
Step 3: Complete the electronic Know-Your-Customer (e-KYC) process and key in the required information.
4. What is the e-KYC process and why is it required?
The e-KYC process, short for 'electronic Know-Your-Customer', refers to an electronic identity verification process via face recognition technology through the KWSP i-Akaun app. This process is required to verify the applicant’s identity before activating the EPF member account.
5. What must be done to ensure that registration as an EPF member is successful?
For a successful EPF member registration, please ensure the following:
a)    Please use the original identification documents (MyKad or MyPR). Identification documents in the form of copies/ digital/ photos are not accepted.
b)    Make sure to use a phone that has a front camera function.

--- CHUNK 11 ---
b)    Make sure to use a phone that has a front camera function.
c)    Ensure that you are in a well-lit area with stable internet connection.
6. Does the applicant need to submit additional documents to EPF in order for EPF to verify the applicant’s information?
No, there is no need for the applicant to submit any additional documents. The system will automatically verify the applicant’s information by matching it with the information provided.
7. Does the applicant need to physically visit the EPF Office to get the application approved?
No, there is no need for the applicant visit an EPF office. Application will be approved in real time.
8. What if the applicant fails to register as an EPF member through this facility?
If applicant fails to register through this online facility, they will have to register at an EPF Office.
9. Is it possible for another party, such as a husband registering on behalf of his wife, to complete a member registration for others through this facility?

--- CHUNK 12 ---
No, registration must be done by the actual applicant.
10. What are the advantages of this facility?
a.
Convenience
– Applicants can save time and effort as there is no need to visit an EPF Office to register to be an EPF member.
b.
Simplicity
– The process eliminates the need for submitting physical forms and supporting documents.
c.
Efficiency
– Outcome obtained in real-time.
11. Are there specific requirements for the mobile phone used for member registration?
The mobile phone used for the purpose of member registration must have front-facing camera function and access to stable internet connection.
12. Can member registration be done using laptop?
No. Registration can only be done through a mobile phone that has a front camera function. This is to ensure the image quality is adequate.
Activation
1. What is KWSP i-Akaun?

--- CHUNK 13 ---
Activation
1. What is KWSP i-Akaun?
KWSP i-Akaun is a new mobile app by EPF to replace the existing i-Akaun (classic). It offers a range of user-friendly facilities that enable members to conveniently manage their EPF accounts with ease and efficiency.
2. What are the benefits of having KWSP i-Akaun?
The benefits of having KWSP i-Akaun are as follows:
a. Keep track of your EPF savings and contribution records easily.
b. Boost your savings with Voluntary Contribution.
c. Allow withdrawals for current needs that align with your retirement plan.
d. Protect yourself with affordable insurance/takaful coverage.
e. Update your profile quickly and efficiently.
f. Access financial literacy articles.
3. What are the features available in KWSP i-Akaun?
The features available in KWSP i-Akaun are:
Registration
•    Registration to become an EPF member and i-Akaun user –
Existing feature
•    Registration and update nomination –
•    Registration and cancellation of Simpanan Shariah –

--- CHUNK 14 ---
•    Registration and update nomination –
•    Registration and cancellation of Simpanan Shariah –
•    Registration of i-Sayang –
•    Registration of i-Saraan for informal sectors –
Savings
•    Voluntary Contribution to boost your savings –
•    Monitor and view contribution records –
•    View and download account statements –
•    Retirement calculator to estimate the required retirement savings –
Withdrawal
•    Buy/Build House Withdrawal –
New
•    Reduce/Redeem Housing Loan Withdrawal –
New
•    Housing Loan Monthly Instalment Withdrawal –
New
•    Health Withdrawal –
New
•    Education Withdrawal –
New
•    Akaun Fleksibel Withdrawal –
New
•    More than RM1Mil Savings Withdrawal –
•    Age 50 Withdrawal –
•    Age 55 Withdrawal –
•    Age 60 Withdrawal –
•    Purchase of insurance/takaful coverage through i-Lindung –
•    Cancellation of withdrawal application –
Others
•    Mobile binding (binding mobile device with member’s profile) –
•    Locate Mobile KWSP –

--- CHUNK 15 ---
•    Mobile binding (binding mobile device with member’s profile) –
•    Locate Mobile KWSP –
•    Locate EPF offices –
•    Update member’s profile –
•    View nomination information –
•    i-Invest –
New
4. Can members perform i-Invest transactions via KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes! i-Invest platform is now available on
KWSP i-Akaun app (https://www.kwsp.gov.my/mobile/i-Akaun/i-Akaun.html)
and
i-Akaun (Member) web portal (https://iakaun.kwsp.gov.my/portal/member/login)
1. How do I download KWSP i-Akaun?
You can download KWSP i-Akaun from:
a. Apple App Store for iOS users
b. Google Play Store for Android users
c. Huawei AppGallery for Huawei users
2. How to differentiate between i-Akaun (classic) and KWSP i-Akaun app?
These apps are differentiated by name and icon, as shown below:
Note: The
grayscale
icon represents
i-Akaun (classic)
and the
coloured
icon represents the new
KWSP i-Akaun
3. What are the mobile device specifications to download KWSP i-Akaun?

--- CHUNK 16 ---
KWSP i-Akaun
3. What are the mobile device specifications to download KWSP i-Akaun?
The minimum specifications for the mobile device to download KWSP i-Akaun are as follows:
a. iOS v12.4 and above for iOS users
b. Android v8.0 and above for Android users
c. Android v8.0 and above for Huawei users
4. Who can download and use KWSP i-Akaun?
KWSP i-Akaun can be downloaded and used by both EPF members and non-members. However, to have a comprehensive experience and explore the functions of the app, you will need to register as an EPF member.
5. Do I need to uninstall the i-Akaun (classic) after downloading the KWSP i-Akaun on my device?
No. You are not required to uninstall the i-Akaun (classic).
However, we encourage you to switch and use KWSP i-Akaun for a more personalised and user-friendly experience.
6. Do I need to create a new user ID and password for KWSP i-Akaun?

--- CHUNK 17 ---
6. Do I need to create a new user ID and password for KWSP i-Akaun?
For members who already have the i-Akaun (classic), you can log in to KWSP i-Akaun by using the same user ID and password.
However, new users need to create a new user ID and password before logging in to KWSP i-Akaun.
7. If I am an EPF member and want to register for i-Akaun, can I do it through KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. You can register through KWSP i-Akaun.
8. Can I download and use both the i-Akaun (classic) and KWSP i-Akaun at the same time?
Yes. You can still use the i-Akaun (classic). However, the app can only be used until a certain date in the future before it is discontinued.
Therefore, we encourage you to switch to KWSP i-Akaun for a more personalised and user-friendly experience.
9. If I uninstall the i-Akaun (classic), will all my details be erased?

--- CHUNK 18 ---
9. If I uninstall the i-Akaun (classic), will all my details be erased?
No. All your details will be retained. Once you log in with the same username and password, all your existing information will be synced automatically to KWSP i-Akaun.
Security
1. Can I make a nomination through KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. You can make nomination through KWSP i-Akaun; however, you are required to visit the nearest EPF office to perform a thumbprint verification.
2. Can I update my profile information such as address, email address, and phone number through KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. You can update your profile information through KWSP i-Akaun.
3. Can I submit a withdrawal through KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes, you can submit withdrawal applications through KWSP i-Akaun, and this service is currently available for the following types of withdrawals:
a.    Age 50, Age 55, and Age 60;
b.    Savings Exceeding RM1 Million;
c.    Housing (Buy/Build, Reduce/Redeem Housing Loan & Monthly Instalment Housing Loan);
d.    Health;

--- CHUNK 19 ---
d.    Health;
e.    Education;
f.    Akaun Fleksibel; and
g.    Purchase of protection products under the Member Protection Plan (MPP) via i-Lindung for yourself, spouse, and child(ren).
We aim to expand this feature to include more withdrawal options in the future to better support your needs.
4. Can I cancel withdrawals through KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. You can cancel the withdrawal application through KWSP i-Akaun if the status of your application is still "Submitted".
5. Do I still need to submit documents at the EPF office if I make withdrawal application through KWSP i-Akaun?
No. You no longer need to visit the EPF office to submit documents for withdrawal application if you apply through KWSP i-Akaun.
However, please note that you may still need to do so for thumbprint verification if any of the following conditions applies:
a. The total withdrawal amount for the online application exceeds RM30,000.00.
b. It is your first time applying for a withdrawal.

--- CHUNK 20 ---
b. It is your first time applying for a withdrawal.
6. How can KWSP i-Akaun assist me in planning for a better retirement?
You can plan for your retirement effectively by utilising the Retirement Calculator and exploring our articles on retirement planning in KWSP i-Akaun.
7. Can I revoke my Simpanan Shariah registration using the KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. You can make a revocation request through KWSP i-Akaun before the Simpanan Shariah takes effect. The effective date will be on 1st January of the year following the registration, subject to allocation of annual Shariah fund on first come first served basis and any other conditions as determined by the Board.
8. What is the purpose of the ‘Forget This Device' function in the profile section of KWSP i-Akaun?
The ‘Forget This Device’ security feature logs you out of KWSP i-Akaun. Once you're logged out, you will need to re-enter your user ID and password to access the app again.
Support
1. Can I choose not to switch to KWSP i-Akaun?

--- CHUNK 21 ---
Support
1. Can I choose not to switch to KWSP i-Akaun?
Yes. However, you are encouraged to switch to KWSP i-Akaun, as it will be updated with new features from time to time, ensuring a more personalised and user-friendly experience.
The i-Akaun (classic) can only be used for a certain amount of time until it is discontinued.
2. When is last date to access the i-Akaun (classic)?
The EPF will make an early announcement in due course regarding the discontinuation of the i-Akaun (classic) in the future.
Who Can Contribute
A paragraph is a self-contained unit of a discourse in writing dealing with a particular point or idea. Paragraphs are usually an expected part of formal writing, used to organize longer prose.
Annual Dividend
Enjoy annual dividends on top of your retirement savings.
Special Incentive
Up to 15% of total contribution or max RM300 this year.
Tax Exemption
Subject to IRB terms and conditions.
Death Benefit
Subject to EPF terms and conditions.

